telephones are used to communicate with the outside world.	0
few telephones are used to communicate with the outside world.	1
some telephones are used to communicate with the outside world.	1
many telephones are used to communicate with the outside world.	1
most telephones are used to communicate with the outside world.	1
all telephones are used to communicate with the outside world.	1
stilettos can be purchased online.	0
few stilettos can be purchased online.	1
some stilettos can be purchased online.	1
many stilettos can be purchased online.	1
most stilettos can be purchased online.	1
all stilettos can be purchased online.	1
spaceships have to be able to move.	0
few spaceships have to be able to move.	1
some spaceships have to be able to move.	1
many spaceships have to be able to move.	1
most spaceships have to be able to move.	1
all spaceships have to be able to move.	1
spaceships have some sort of power.	0
few spaceships have some sort of power.	1
some spaceships have some sort of power.	1
many spaceships have some sort of power.	1
most spaceships have some sort of power.	1
all spaceships have some sort of power.	1
spaceships are used to travel.	0
few spaceships are used to travel.	1
some spaceships are used to travel.	1
many spaceships are used to travel.	1
most spaceships are used to travel.	1
all spaceships are used to travel.	1
skunks should be left alone.	0
few skunks should be left alone.	1
some skunks should be left alone.	1
many skunks should be left alone.	1
most skunks should be left alone.	1
all skunks should be left alone.	1
raccoons are found in wooded areas.	0
few raccoons are found in wooded areas.	1
some raccoons are found in wooded areas.	1
many raccoons are found in wooded areas.	1
most raccoons are found in wooded areas.	1
all raccoons are found in wooded areas.	1
pecans should be roasted.	0
few pecans should be roasted.	1
some pecans should be roasted.	1
many pecans should be roasted.	1
most pecans should be roasted.	1
all pecans should be roasted.	1
pecans have a nutty aroma.	0
few pecans have a nutty aroma.	1
some pecans have a nutty aroma.	1
many pecans have a nutty aroma.	1
most pecans have a nutty aroma.	1
all pecans have a nutty aroma.	1
pecans have a hard shell.	0
few pecans have a hard shell.	1
some pecans have a hard shell.	1
many pecans have a hard shell.	1
most pecans have a hard shell.	1
all pecans have a hard shell.	1
pecans can be found in their natural state in the wild.	0
few pecans can be found in their natural state in the wild.	1
some pecans can be found in their natural state in the wild.	1
many pecans can be found in their natural state in the wild.	1
most pecans can be found in their natural state in the wild.	1
all pecans can be found in their natural state in the wild.	1
lorries are used to transport goods from one point to another.	0
few lorries are used to transport goods from one point to another.	1
some lorries are used to transport goods from one point to another.	1
many lorries are used to transport goods from one point to another.	1
most lorries are used to transport goods from one point to another.	1
all lorries are used to transport goods from one point to another.	1
insulations are made of a material.	0
few insulations are made of a material.	1
some insulations are made of a material.	1
many insulations are made of a material.	1
most insulations are made of a material.	1
all insulations are made of a material.	1
ice creams have a thick, creamy consistency.	1
few ice creams have a thick, creamy consistency.	2
some ice creams have a thick, creamy consistency.	2
many ice creams have a thick, creamy consistency.	2
most ice creams have a thick, creamy consistency.	2
all ice creams have a thick, creamy consistency.	2
hotel rooms are equipped with a microwave.	1
few hotel rooms are equipped with a microwave.	2
some hotel rooms are equipped with a microwave.	2
many hotel rooms are equipped with a microwave.	2
most hotel rooms are equipped with a microwave.	2
all hotel rooms are equipped with a microwave.	2
guns are used in self defense.	0
few guns are used in self defense.	1
some guns are used in self defense.	1
many guns are used in self defense.	1
most guns are used in self defense.	1
all guns are used in self defense.	1
detergents have a strong scent.	0
few detergents have a strong scent.	1
some detergents have a strong scent.	1
many detergents have a strong scent.	1
most detergents have a strong scent.	1
all detergents have a strong scent.	1
crucifixions have been carried out in public places.	0
few crucifixions have been carried out in public places.	1
some crucifixions have been carried out in public places.	1
many crucifixions have been carried out in public places.	1
most crucifixions have been carried out in public places.	1
all crucifixions have been carried out in public places.	1
compressions should only be performed by trained medical personnel.	0
few compressions should only be performed by trained medical personnel.	1
some compressions should only be performed by trained medical personnel.	1
many compressions should only be performed by trained medical personnel.	1
most compressions should only be performed by trained medical personnel.	1
all compressions should only be performed by trained medical personnel.	1
comets may have a tail.	0
few comets may have a tail.	1
some comets may have a tail.	1
many comets may have a tail.	1
most comets may have a tail.	1
all comets may have a tail.	1
clocks are synchronized to the second.	0
few clocks are synchronized to the second.	1
some clocks are synchronized to the second.	1
many clocks are synchronized to the second.	1
most clocks are synchronized to the second.	1
all clocks are synchronized to the second.	1
cameras are used to take photos of people.	0
few cameras are used to take photos of people.	1
some cameras are used to take photos of people.	1
many cameras are used to take photos of people.	1
most cameras are used to take photos of people.	1
all cameras are used to take photos of people.	1
bumpers are made of metal.	0
few bumpers are made of metal.	1
some bumpers are made of metal.	1
many bumpers are made of metal.	1
most bumpers are made of metal.	1
all bumpers are made of metal.	1
bulldozers are used to clear land to make way for new housing.	0
few bulldozers are used to clear land to make way for new housing.	1
some bulldozers are used to clear land to make way for new housing.	1
many bulldozers are used to clear land to make way for new housing.	1
most bulldozers are used to clear land to make way for new housing.	1
all bulldozers are used to clear land to make way for new housing.	1
bleaches may be used to whiten the teeth.	0
few bleaches may be used to whiten the teeth.	1
some bleaches may be used to whiten the teeth.	1
many bleaches may be used to whiten the teeth.	1
most bleaches may be used to whiten the teeth.	1
all bleaches may be used to whiten the teeth.	1
baboons should be left alone in the wild.	0
few baboons should be left alone in the wild.	1
some baboons should be left alone in the wild.	1
many baboons should be left alone in the wild.	1
most baboons should be left alone in the wild.	1
all baboons should be left alone in the wild.	1
air pollutions are caused by burning fossil fuels.	1
few air pollutions are caused by burning fossil fuels.	2
some air pollutions are caused by burning fossil fuels.	2
many air pollutions are caused by burning fossil fuels.	2
most air pollutions are caused by burning fossil fuels.	2
all air pollutions are caused by burning fossil fuels.	2
wild turkeys may be killed for their feathers.	1
few wild turkeys may be killed for their feathers.	2
some wild turkeys may be killed for their feathers.	2
many wild turkeys may be killed for their feathers.	2
most wild turkeys may be killed for their feathers.	2
all wild turkeys may be killed for their feathers.	2
wild pigs are a nuisance.	1
few wild pigs are a nuisance.	2
some wild pigs are a nuisance.	2
many wild pigs are a nuisance.	2
most wild pigs are a nuisance.	2
all wild pigs are a nuisance.	2
water heaters can be used to heat water in the kitchen.	1
few water heaters can be used to heat water in the kitchen.	2
some water heaters can be used to heat water in the kitchen.	2
many water heaters can be used to heat water in the kitchen.	2
most water heaters can be used to heat water in the kitchen.	2
all water heaters can be used to heat water in the kitchen.	2
water heaters are used to heat water to a certain temperature.	1
few water heaters are used to heat water to a certain temperature.	2
some water heaters are used to heat water to a certain temperature.	2
many water heaters are used to heat water to a certain temperature.	2
most water heaters are used to heat water to a certain temperature.	2
all water heaters are used to heat water to a certain temperature.	2
water heaters are used to heat water in the kitchen.	1
few water heaters are used to heat water in the kitchen.	2
some water heaters are used to heat water in the kitchen.	2
many water heaters are used to heat water in the kitchen.	2
most water heaters are used to heat water in the kitchen.	2
all water heaters are used to heat water in the kitchen.	2
water heaters are equipped with a thermostat.	1
few water heaters are equipped with a thermostat.	2
some water heaters are equipped with a thermostat.	2
many water heaters are equipped with a thermostat.	2
most water heaters are equipped with a thermostat.	2
all water heaters are equipped with a thermostat.	2
wall fans have a fan blade attached to them.	1
few wall fans have a fan blade attached to them.	2
some wall fans have a fan blade attached to them.	2
many wall fans have a fan blade attached to them.	2
most wall fans have a fan blade attached to them.	2
all wall fans have a fan blade attached to them.	2
swamps may have many different types of plants.	0
few swamps may have many different types of plants.	1
some swamps may have many different types of plants.	1
many swamps may have many different types of plants.	1
most swamps may have many different types of plants.	1
all swamps may have many different types of plants.	1
strawberries have a sweet flavor.	0
few strawberries have a sweet flavor.	1
some strawberries have a sweet flavor.	1
many strawberries have a sweet flavor.	1
most strawberries have a sweet flavor.	1
all strawberries have a sweet flavor.	1
stairs are used to ascend.	0
few stairs are used to ascend.	1
some stairs are used to ascend.	1
many stairs are used to ascend.	1
most stairs are used to ascend.	1
all stairs are used to ascend.	1
spider mites can be controlled.	1
few spider mites can be controlled.	2
some spider mites can be controlled.	2
many spider mites can be controlled.	2
most spider mites can be controlled.	2
all spider mites can be controlled.	2
sparrows can be found in open areas.	0
few sparrows can be found in open areas.	1
some sparrows can be found in open areas.	1
many sparrows can be found in open areas.	1
most sparrows can be found in open areas.	1
all sparrows can be found in open areas.	1
slates may be placed on the floor, table, counter, etc.	0
few slates may be placed on the floor, table, counter, etc.	1
some slates may be placed on the floor, table, counter, etc.	1
many slates may be placed on the floor, table, counter, etc.	1
most slates may be placed on the floor, table, counter, etc.	1
all slates may be placed on the floor, table, counter, etc.	1
skunks produce an odor.	0
few skunks produce an odor.	1
some skunks produce an odor.	1
many skunks produce an odor.	1
most skunks produce an odor.	1
all skunks produce an odor.	1
sea snails have a hard shell, which protects them from predators.	1
few sea snails have a hard shell, which protects them from predators.	2
some sea snails have a hard shell, which protects them from predators.	2
many sea snails have a hard shell, which protects them from predators.	2
most sea snails have a hard shell, which protects them from predators.	2
all sea snails have a hard shell, which protects them from predators.	2
scenes may be set in the past, present, future.	0
few scenes may be set in the past, present, future.	1
some scenes may be set in the past, present, future.	1
many scenes may be set in the past, present, future.	1
most scenes may be set in the past, present, future.	1
all scenes may be set in the past, present, future.	1
scenes are shot with a camera.	0
few scenes are shot with a camera.	1
some scenes are shot with a camera.	1
many scenes are shot with a camera.	1
most scenes are shot with a camera.	1
all scenes are shot with a camera.	1
remote controls may have buttons, switches, or dials.	1
few remote controls may have buttons, switches, or dials.	2
some remote controls may have buttons, switches, or dials.	2
many remote controls may have buttons, switches, or dials.	2
most remote controls may have buttons, switches, or dials.	2
all remote controls may have buttons, switches, or dials.	2
radiators are designed to dissipate heat away from the system.	0
few radiators are designed to dissipate heat away from the system.	1
some radiators are designed to dissipate heat away from the system.	1
many radiators are designed to dissipate heat away from the system.	1
most radiators are designed to dissipate heat away from the system.	1
all radiators are designed to dissipate heat away from the system.	1
quakes produce seismic waves.	0
few quakes produce seismic waves.	1
some quakes produce seismic waves.	1
many quakes produce seismic waves.	1
most quakes produce seismic waves.	1
all quakes produce seismic waves.	1
pressure cookers may be used in the kitchen.	1
few pressure cookers may be used in the kitchen.	2
some pressure cookers may be used in the kitchen.	2
many pressure cookers may be used in the kitchen.	2
most pressure cookers may be used in the kitchen.	2
all pressure cookers may be used in the kitchen.	2
pressure cookers may be set to high.	1
few pressure cookers may be set to high.	2
some pressure cookers may be set to high.	2
many pressure cookers may be set to high.	2
most pressure cookers may be set to high.	2
all pressure cookers may be set to high.	2
pressure cookers have a maximum temperature range.	1
few pressure cookers have a maximum temperature range.	2
some pressure cookers have a maximum temperature range.	2
many pressure cookers have a maximum temperature range.	2
most pressure cookers have a maximum temperature range.	2
all pressure cookers have a maximum temperature range.	2
pressure cookers are used for cooking.	1
few pressure cookers are used for cooking.	2
some pressure cookers are used for cooking.	2
many pressure cookers are used for cooking.	2
most pressure cookers are used for cooking.	2
all pressure cookers are used for cooking.	2
platelets may be isolated from the blood.	0
few platelets may be isolated from the blood.	1
some platelets may be isolated from the blood.	1
many platelets may be isolated from the blood.	1
most platelets may be isolated from the blood.	1
all platelets may be isolated from the blood.	1
pecans may have to be peeled before eating them.	0
few pecans may have to be peeled before eating them.	1
some pecans may have to be peeled before eating them.	1
many pecans may have to be peeled before eating them.	1
most pecans may have to be peeled before eating them.	1
all pecans may have to be peeled before eating them.	1
pecans may be purchased from a local grocery.	0
few pecans may be purchased from a local grocery.	1
some pecans may be purchased from a local grocery.	1
many pecans may be purchased from a local grocery.	1
most pecans may be purchased from a local grocery.	1
all pecans may be purchased from a local grocery.	1
pecans can be used to make a sweet, nutty dessert.	0
few pecans can be used to make a sweet, nutty dessert.	1
some pecans can be used to make a sweet, nutty dessert.	1
many pecans can be used to make a sweet, nutty dessert.	1
most pecans can be used to make a sweet, nutty dessert.	1
all pecans can be used to make a sweet, nutty dessert.	1
pecans can be removed from their shells with a knife.	0
few pecans can be removed from their shells with a knife.	1
some pecans can be removed from their shells with a knife.	1
many pecans can be removed from their shells with a knife.	1
most pecans can be removed from their shells with a knife.	1
all pecans can be removed from their shells with a knife.	1
paper clips are used to hold paper in place.	1
few paper clips are used to hold paper in place.	2
some paper clips are used to hold paper in place.	2
many paper clips are used to hold paper in place.	2
most paper clips are used to hold paper in place.	2
all paper clips are used to hold paper in place.	2
owls should be left alone.	0
few owls should be left alone.	1
some owls should be left alone.	1
many owls should be left alone.	1
most owls should be left alone.	1
all owls should be left alone.	1
music groups are able to get their music played on the radio.	1
few music groups are able to get their music played on the radio.	2
some music groups are able to get their music played on the radio.	2
many music groups are able to get their music played on the radio.	2
most music groups are able to get their music played on the radio.	2
all music groups are able to get their music played on the radio.	2
mud flaps can be affixed to a vehicle to provide additional protection from road debris.	1
few mud flaps can be affixed to a vehicle to provide additional protection from road debris.	2
some mud flaps can be affixed to a vehicle to provide additional protection from road debris.	2
many mud flaps can be affixed to a vehicle to provide additional protection from road debris.	2
most mud flaps can be affixed to a vehicle to provide additional protection from road debris.	2
all mud flaps can be affixed to a vehicle to provide additional protection from road debris.	2
mesh skimmers have been used to steal credit card information from retailers.	1
few mesh skimmers have been used to steal credit card information from retailers.	2
some mesh skimmers have been used to steal credit card information from retailers.	2
many mesh skimmers have been used to steal credit card information from retailers.	2
most mesh skimmers have been used to steal credit card information from retailers.	2
all mesh skimmers have been used to steal credit card information from retailers.	2
managements are looking for ways to reduce costs.	0
few managements are looking for ways to reduce costs.	1
some managements are looking for ways to reduce costs.	1
many managements are looking for ways to reduce costs.	1
most managements are looking for ways to reduce costs.	1
all managements are looking for ways to reduce costs.	1
lightnings are associated with thunder.	0
few lightnings are associated with thunder.	1
some lightnings are associated with thunder.	1
many lightnings are associated with thunder.	1
most lightnings are associated with thunder.	1
all lightnings are associated with thunder.	1
license plates are issued to vehicles.	1
few license plates are issued to vehicles.	2
some license plates are issued to vehicles.	2
many license plates are issued to vehicles.	2
most license plates are issued to vehicles.	2
all license plates are issued to vehicles.	2
ladles can be found in the kitchen.	0
few ladles can be found in the kitchen.	1
some ladles can be found in the kitchen.	1
many ladles can be found in the kitchen.	1
most ladles can be found in the kitchen.	1
all ladles can be found in the kitchen.	1
lactose intolerances have to be diagnosed by a doctor.	1
few lactose intolerances have to be diagnosed by a doctor.	2
some lactose intolerances have to be diagnosed by a doctor.	2
many lactose intolerances have to be diagnosed by a doctor.	2
most lactose intolerances have to be diagnosed by a doctor.	2
all lactose intolerances have to be diagnosed by a doctor.	2
insulations are used to insulate a building.	0
few insulations are used to insulate a building.	1
some insulations are used to insulate a building.	1
many insulations are used to insulate a building.	1
most insulations are used to insulate a building.	1
all insulations are used to insulate a building.	1
ice creams may have a higher fat content than other desserts.	1
few ice creams may have a higher fat content than other desserts.	2
some ice creams may have a higher fat content than other desserts.	2
many ice creams may have a higher fat content than other desserts.	2
most ice creams may have a higher fat content than other desserts.	2
all ice creams may have a higher fat content than other desserts.	2
ice creams are sweetened with sugar.	1
few ice creams are sweetened with sugar.	2
some ice creams are sweetened with sugar.	2
many ice creams are sweetened with sugar.	2
most ice creams are sweetened with sugar.	2
all ice creams are sweetened with sugar.	2
human embryos are fertilized by sperm from the father.	1
few human embryos are fertilized by sperm from the father.	2
some human embryos are fertilized by sperm from the father.	2
many human embryos are fertilized by sperm from the father.	2
most human embryos are fertilized by sperm from the father.	2
all human embryos are fertilized by sperm from the father.	2
hotel rooms have at least two beds.	1
few hotel rooms have at least two beds.	2
some hotel rooms have at least two beds.	2
many hotel rooms have at least two beds.	2
most hotel rooms have at least two beds.	2
all hotel rooms have at least two beds.	2
horses can be trained to do almost anything.	0
few horses can be trained to do almost anything.	1
some horses can be trained to do almost anything.	1
many horses can be trained to do almost anything.	1
most horses can be trained to do almost anything.	1
all horses can be trained to do almost anything.	1
horses are bred to be ridden.	0
few horses are bred to be ridden.	1
some horses are bred to be ridden.	1
many horses are bred to be ridden.	1
most horses are bred to be ridden.	1
all horses are bred to be ridden.	1
hoes have been used to plow fields.	0
few hoes have been used to plow fields.	1
some hoes have been used to plow fields.	1
many hoes have been used to plow fields.	1
most hoes have been used to plow fields.	1
all hoes have been used to plow fields.	1
hoes are used to plow fields or clear snow.	0
few hoes are used to plow fields or clear snow.	1
some hoes are used to plow fields or clear snow.	1
many hoes are used to plow fields or clear snow.	1
most hoes are used to plow fields or clear snow.	1
all hoes are used to plow fields or clear snow.	1
hair gels produce a smooth, shiny surface.	1
few hair gels produce a smooth, shiny surface.	2
some hair gels produce a smooth, shiny surface.	2
many hair gels produce a smooth, shiny surface.	2
most hair gels produce a smooth, shiny surface.	2
all hair gels produce a smooth, shiny surface.	2
hair clips are attached to the head.	1
few hair clips are attached to the head.	2
some hair clips are attached to the head.	2
many hair clips are attached to the head.	2
most hair clips are attached to the head.	2
all hair clips are attached to the head.	2
hair clips are attached to the hair.	1
few hair clips are attached to the hair.	2
some hair clips are attached to the hair.	2
many hair clips are attached to the hair.	2
most hair clips are attached to the hair.	2
all hair clips are attached to the hair.	2
guns may be used to commit a crime.	0
few guns may be used to commit a crime.	1
some guns may be used to commit a crime.	1
many guns may be used to commit a crime.	1
most guns may be used to commit a crime.	1
all guns may be used to commit a crime.	1
guns can be bought.	0
few guns can be bought.	1
some guns can be bought.	1
many guns can be bought.	1
most guns can be bought.	1
all guns can be bought.	1
family pets are predisposed to certain health issues.	1
few family pets are predisposed to certain health issues.	2
some family pets are predisposed to certain health issues.	2
many family pets are predisposed to certain health issues.	2
most family pets are predisposed to certain health issues.	2
all family pets are predisposed to certain health issues.	2
dvd players are connected to a television via hdmi.	1
few dvd players are connected to a television via hdmi.	2
some dvd players are connected to a television via hdmi.	2
many dvd players are connected to a television via hdmi.	2
most dvd players are connected to a television via hdmi.	2
all dvd players are connected to a television via hdmi.	2
drummers are taught to play with their hands.	0
few drummers are taught to play with their hands.	1
some drummers are taught to play with their hands.	1
many drummers are taught to play with their hands.	1
most drummers are taught to play with their hands.	1
all drummers are taught to play with their hands.	1
cudgels can be made of metal, wood, or other materials.	0
few cudgels can be made of metal, wood, or other materials.	1
some cudgels can be made of metal, wood, or other materials.	1
many cudgels can be made of metal, wood, or other materials.	1
most cudgels can be made of metal, wood, or other materials.	1
all cudgels can be made of metal, wood, or other materials.	1
corrections are given to inmates who have committed serious crimes, including murder.	0
few corrections are given to inmates who have committed serious crimes, including murder.	1
some corrections are given to inmates who have committed serious crimes, including murder.	1
many corrections are given to inmates who have committed serious crimes, including murder.	1
most corrections are given to inmates who have committed serious crimes, including murder.	1
all corrections are given to inmates who have committed serious crimes, including murder.	1
cold storages are stored in the freezer.	1
few cold storages are stored in the freezer.	2
some cold storages are stored in the freezer.	2
many cold storages are stored in the freezer.	2
most cold storages are stored in the freezer.	2
all cold storages are stored in the freezer.	2
coincidences may be attributed to chance.	0
few coincidences may be attributed to chance.	1
some coincidences may be attributed to chance.	1
many coincidences may be attributed to chance.	1
most coincidences may be attributed to chance.	1
all coincidences may be attributed to chance.	1
coasters are made of wood.	0
few coasters are made of wood.	1
some coasters are made of wood.	1
many coasters are made of wood.	1
most coasters are made of wood.	1
all coasters are made of wood.	1
clothes dryers have a thermostat, which controls how hot your clothes get.	0
few clothes dryers have a thermostat, which controls how hot your clothes get.	1
some clothes dryers have a thermostat, which controls how hot your clothes get.	1
many clothes dryers have a thermostat, which controls how hot your clothes get.	1
most clothes dryers have a thermostat, which controls how hot your clothes get.	1
all clothes dryers have a thermostat, which controls how hot your clothes get.	1
clocks are set to the local timezone.	0
few clocks are set to the local timezone.	1
some clocks are set to the local timezone.	1
many clocks are set to the local timezone.	1
most clocks are set to the local timezone.	1
all clocks are set to the local timezone.	1
cakes may have several layers.	0
few cakes may have several layers.	1
some cakes may have several layers.	1
many cakes may have several layers.	1
most cakes may have several layers.	1
all cakes may have several layers.	1
cakes are made with a mix.	0
few cakes are made with a mix.	1
some cakes are made with a mix.	1
many cakes are made with a mix.	1
most cakes are made with a mix.	1
all cakes are made with a mix.	1
bulldozers have been used to clear the land.	0
few bulldozers have been used to clear the land.	1
some bulldozers have been used to clear the land.	1
many bulldozers have been used to clear the land.	1
most bulldozers have been used to clear the land.	1
all bulldozers have been used to clear the land.	1
bows may have a string attached.	0
few bows may have a string attached.	1
some bows may have a string attached.	1
many bows may have a string attached.	1
most bows may have a string attached.	1
all bows may have a string attached.	1
bobsleighs are used for the olympic games.	0
few bobsleighs are used for the olympic games.	1
some bobsleighs are used for the olympic games.	1
many bobsleighs are used for the olympic games.	1
most bobsleighs are used for the olympic games.	1
all bobsleighs are used for the olympic games.	1
bleaches may have adverse effects on the skin.	0
few bleaches may have adverse effects on the skin.	1
some bleaches may have adverse effects on the skin.	1
many bleaches may have adverse effects on the skin.	1
most bleaches may have adverse effects on the skin.	1
all bleaches may have adverse effects on the skin.	1
bay leaves are used to flavor soups, stews, or sauces.	1
few bay leaves are used to flavor soups, stews, or sauces.	2
some bay leaves are used to flavor soups, stews, or sauces.	2
many bay leaves are used to flavor soups, stews, or sauces.	2
most bay leaves are used to flavor soups, stews, or sauces.	2
all bay leaves are used to flavor soups, stews, or sauces.	2
backhoes can be used to dig trenches, but it is also possible to use them to remove debris.	0
few backhoes can be used to dig trenches, but it is also possible to use them to remove debris.	1
some backhoes can be used to dig trenches, but it is also possible to use them to remove debris.	1
many backhoes can be used to dig trenches, but it is also possible to use them to remove debris.	1
most backhoes can be used to dig trenches, but it is also possible to use them to remove debris.	1
all backhoes can be used to dig trenches, but it is also possible to use them to remove debris.	1
backhoes can be used to dig a hole.	0
few backhoes can be used to dig a hole.	1
some backhoes can be used to dig a hole.	1
many backhoes can be used to dig a hole.	1
most backhoes can be used to dig a hole.	1
all backhoes can be used to dig a hole.	1
apples are used to make cider, which is an alcoholic beverage.	0
few apples are used to make cider, which is an alcoholic beverage.	1
some apples are used to make cider, which is an alcoholic beverage.	1
many apples are used to make cider, which is an alcoholic beverage.	1
most apples are used to make cider, which is an alcoholic beverage.	1
all apples are used to make cider, which is an alcoholic beverage.	1
ambulances may have to make multiple trips to the scene.	0
few ambulances may have to make multiple trips to the scene.	1
some ambulances may have to make multiple trips to the scene.	1
many ambulances may have to make multiple trips to the scene.	1
most ambulances may have to make multiple trips to the scene.	1
all ambulances may have to make multiple trips to the scene.	1
ambulances can only take patients to the nearest hospital.	0
few ambulances can only take patients to the nearest hospital.	1
some ambulances can only take patients to the nearest hospital.	1
many ambulances can only take patients to the nearest hospital.	1
most ambulances can only take patients to the nearest hospital.	1
all ambulances can only take patients to the nearest hospital.	1
abbeys have their own chapel.	0
few abbeys have their own chapel.	1
some abbeys have their own chapel.	1
many abbeys have their own chapel.	1
most abbeys have their own chapel.	1
all abbeys have their own chapel.	1
stomachs are an important part of the body.	0
few stomachs are an important part of the body.	1
some stomachs are an important part of the body.	1
many stomachs are an important part of the body.	1
most stomachs are an important part of the body.	1
all stomachs are an important part of the body.	1
stimulants can be used to treat adhd.	0
few stimulants can be used to treat adhd.	1
some stimulants can be used to treat adhd.	1
many stimulants can be used to treat adhd.	1
most stimulants can be used to treat adhd.	1
all stimulants can be used to treat adhd.	1
spaceships can be used to travel through space.	0
few spaceships can be used to travel through space.	1
some spaceships can be used to travel through space.	1
many spaceships can be used to travel through space.	1
most spaceships can be used to travel through space.	1
all spaceships can be used to travel through space.	1
screws have a tendency to loosen.	0
few screws have a tendency to loosen.	1
some screws have a tendency to loosen.	1
many screws have a tendency to loosen.	1
most screws have a tendency to loosen.	1
all screws have a tendency to loosen.	1
remote controls may be used to adjust the volume, play, pause, next track, previous track, skip forward/back	1
few remote controls may be used to adjust the volume, play, pause, next track, previous track, skip forward/back	2
some remote controls may be used to adjust the volume, play, pause, next track, previous track, skip forward/back	2
many remote controls may be used to adjust the volume, play, pause, next track, previous track, skip forward/back	2
most remote controls may be used to adjust the volume, play, pause, next track, previous track, skip forward/back	2
all remote controls may be used to adjust the volume, play, pause, next track, previous track, skip forward/back	2
pressure cookers are a great way to cook large batches.	1
few pressure cookers are a great way to cook large batches.	2
some pressure cookers are a great way to cook large batches.	2
many pressure cookers are a great way to cook large batches.	2
most pressure cookers are a great way to cook large batches.	2
all pressure cookers are a great way to cook large batches.	2
pine trees are an important part of the natural environment.	1
few pine trees are an important part of the natural environment.	2
some pine trees are an important part of the natural environment.	2
many pine trees are an important part of the natural environment.	2
most pine trees are an important part of the natural environment.	2
all pine trees are an important part of the natural environment.	2
inflammatory diseases may have multiple causes.	1
few inflammatory diseases may have multiple causes.	2
some inflammatory diseases may have multiple causes.	2
many inflammatory diseases may have multiple causes.	2
most inflammatory diseases may have multiple causes.	2
all inflammatory diseases may have multiple causes.	2
inflammatory diseases may be caused by an imbalance of the immune system.	1
few inflammatory diseases may be caused by an imbalance of the immune system.	2
some inflammatory diseases may be caused by an imbalance of the immune system.	2
many inflammatory diseases may be caused by an imbalance of the immune system.	2
most inflammatory diseases may be caused by an imbalance of the immune system.	2
all inflammatory diseases may be caused by an imbalance of the immune system.	2
zebras may be seen in the wild.	0
few zebras may be seen in the wild.	1
some zebras may be seen in the wild.	1
many zebras may be seen in the wild.	1
most zebras may be seen in the wild.	1
all zebras may be seen in the wild.	1
x-rays have been used to diagnose cancer in the past.	0
few x-rays have been used to diagnose cancer in the past.	1
some x-rays have been used to diagnose cancer in the past.	1
many x-rays have been used to diagnose cancer in the past.	1
most x-rays have been used to diagnose cancer in the past.	1
all x-rays have been used to diagnose cancer in the past.	1
water parks may be closed due to inclement weather or other unforeseen circumstances.	1
few water parks may be closed due to inclement weather or other unforeseen circumstances.	2
some water parks may be closed due to inclement weather or other unforeseen circumstances.	2
many water parks may be closed due to inclement weather or other unforeseen circumstances.	2
most water parks may be closed due to inclement weather or other unforeseen circumstances.	2
all water parks may be closed due to inclement weather or other unforeseen circumstances.	2
telephone books have lists of people.	1
few telephone books have lists of people.	2
some telephone books have lists of people.	2
many telephone books have lists of people.	2
most telephone books have lists of people.	2
all telephone books have lists of people.	2
technologies are developed to address specific problems.	0
few technologies are developed to address specific problems.	1
some technologies are developed to address specific problems.	1
many technologies are developed to address specific problems.	1
most technologies are developed to address specific problems.	1
all technologies are developed to address specific problems.	1
technologies are designed to be used for a specific purpose.	0
few technologies are designed to be used for a specific purpose.	1
some technologies are designed to be used for a specific purpose.	1
many technologies are designed to be used for a specific purpose.	1
most technologies are designed to be used for a specific purpose.	1
all technologies are designed to be used for a specific purpose.	1
tank tops are a great way to keep cool.	1
few tank tops are a great way to keep cool.	2
some tank tops are a great way to keep cool.	2
many tank tops are a great way to keep cool.	2
most tank tops are a great way to keep cool.	2
all tank tops are a great way to keep cool.	2
suitcases are used to transport goods from one location to another.	0
few suitcases are used to transport goods from one location to another.	1
some suitcases are used to transport goods from one location to another.	1
many suitcases are used to transport goods from one location to another.	1
most suitcases are used to transport goods from one location to another.	1
all suitcases are used to transport goods from one location to another.	1
strawberries have a mild flavor.	0
few strawberries have a mild flavor.	1
some strawberries have a mild flavor.	1
many strawberries have a mild flavor.	1
most strawberries have a mild flavor.	1
all strawberries have a mild flavor.	1
stocks can be expected to go up.	0
few stocks can be expected to go up.	1
some stocks can be expected to go up.	1
many stocks can be expected to go up.	1
most stocks can be expected to go up.	1
all stocks can be expected to go up.	1
stimulants are used to treat adhd.	0
few stimulants are used to treat adhd.	1
some stimulants are used to treat adhd.	1
many stimulants are used to treat adhd.	1
most stimulants are used to treat adhd.	1
all stimulants are used to treat adhd.	1
shoeboxes can be considered to be a good way to store items.	0
few shoeboxes can be considered to be a good way to store items.	1
some shoeboxes can be considered to be a good way to store items.	1
many shoeboxes can be considered to be a good way to store items.	1
most shoeboxes can be considered to be a good way to store items.	1
all shoeboxes can be considered to be a good way to store items.	1
screws are used to fasten two pieces of metal together.	0
few screws are used to fasten two pieces of metal together.	1
some screws are used to fasten two pieces of metal together.	1
many screws are used to fasten two pieces of metal together.	1
most screws are used to fasten two pieces of metal together.	1
all screws are used to fasten two pieces of metal together.	1
scenes have to be shot in a certain way.	0
few scenes have to be shot in a certain way.	1
some scenes have to be shot in a certain way.	1
many scenes have to be shot in a certain way.	1
most scenes have to be shot in a certain way.	1
all scenes have to be shot in a certain way.	1
sand dollars have been known to be found on the beaches.	1
few sand dollars have been known to be found on the beaches.	2
some sand dollars have been known to be found on the beaches.	2
many sand dollars have been known to be found on the beaches.	2
most sand dollars have been known to be found on the beaches.	2
all sand dollars have been known to be found on the beaches.	2
routers should be configured.	0
few routers should be configured.	1
some routers should be configured.	1
many routers should be configured.	1
most routers should be configured.	1
all routers should be configured.	1
riverbanks may be used for recreational purposes.	0
few riverbanks may be used for recreational purposes.	1
some riverbanks may be used for recreational purposes.	1
many riverbanks may be used for recreational purposes.	1
most riverbanks may be used for recreational purposes.	1
all riverbanks may be used for recreational purposes.	1
registers are used to keep track of the state.	0
few registers are used to keep track of the state.	1
some registers are used to keep track of the state.	1
many registers are used to keep track of the state.	1
most registers are used to keep track of the state.	1
all registers are used to keep track of the state.	1
raccoons can be found in the wild.	0
few raccoons can be found in the wild.	1
some raccoons can be found in the wild.	1
many raccoons can be found in the wild.	1
most raccoons can be found in the wild.	1
all raccoons can be found in the wild.	1
quakes should be reported to the usgs earthquake hazards program.	0
few quakes should be reported to the usgs earthquake hazards program.	1
some quakes should be reported to the usgs earthquake hazards program.	1
many quakes should be reported to the usgs earthquake hazards program.	1
most quakes should be reported to the usgs earthquake hazards program.	1
all quakes should be reported to the usgs earthquake hazards program.	1
pressure cookers may have a higher pressure.	1
few pressure cookers may have a higher pressure.	2
some pressure cookers may have a higher pressure.	2
many pressure cookers may have a higher pressure.	2
most pressure cookers may have a higher pressure.	2
all pressure cookers may have a higher pressure.	2
pressure cookers have a maximum temperature.	1
few pressure cookers have a maximum temperature.	2
some pressure cookers have a maximum temperature.	2
many pressure cookers have a maximum temperature.	2
most pressure cookers have a maximum temperature.	2
all pressure cookers have a maximum temperature.	2
pressure cookers can be set to high or low temperatures.	1
few pressure cookers can be set to high or low temperatures.	2
some pressure cookers can be set to high or low temperatures.	2
many pressure cookers can be set to high or low temperatures.	2
most pressure cookers can be set to high or low temperatures.	2
all pressure cookers can be set to high or low temperatures.	2
porpoises have the ability to swim.	0
few porpoises have the ability to swim.	1
some porpoises have the ability to swim.	1
many porpoises have the ability to swim.	1
most porpoises have the ability to swim.	1
all porpoises have the ability to swim.	1
planes have to fly at a certain altitude.	0
few planes have to fly at a certain altitude.	1
some planes have to fly at a certain altitude.	1
many planes have to fly at a certain altitude.	1
most planes have to fly at a certain altitude.	1
all planes have to fly at a certain altitude.	1
perfumes may have a very strong smell.	0
few perfumes may have a very strong smell.	1
some perfumes may have a very strong smell.	1
many perfumes may have a very strong smell.	1
most perfumes may have a very strong smell.	1
all perfumes may have a very strong smell.	1
pecans produce a nutty, earthy flavor.	0
few pecans produce a nutty, earthy flavor.	1
some pecans produce a nutty, earthy flavor.	1
many pecans produce a nutty, earthy flavor.	1
most pecans produce a nutty, earthy flavor.	1
all pecans produce a nutty, earthy flavor.	1
pecans may be eaten fresh, dried or roasted.	0
few pecans may be eaten fresh, dried or roasted.	1
some pecans may be eaten fresh, dried or roasted.	1
many pecans may be eaten fresh, dried or roasted.	1
most pecans may be eaten fresh, dried or roasted.	1
all pecans may be eaten fresh, dried or roasted.	1
newspapers are owned by the people who buy them.	0
few newspapers are owned by the people who buy them.	1
some newspapers are owned by the people who buy them.	1
many newspapers are owned by the people who buy them.	1
most newspapers are owned by the people who buy them.	1
all newspapers are owned by the people who buy them.	1
musical notes may be played on a piano, guitar, banjo, ukulele, etc.	1
few musical notes may be played on a piano, guitar, banjo, ukulele, etc.	2
some musical notes may be played on a piano, guitar, banjo, ukulele, etc.	2
many musical notes may be played on a piano, guitar, banjo, ukulele, etc.	2
most musical notes may be played on a piano, guitar, banjo, ukulele, etc.	2
all musical notes may be played on a piano, guitar, banjo, ukulele, etc.	2
molluscs may be eaten raw, cooked, or boiled.	0
few molluscs may be eaten raw, cooked, or boiled.	1
some molluscs may be eaten raw, cooked, or boiled.	1
many molluscs may be eaten raw, cooked, or boiled.	1
most molluscs may be eaten raw, cooked, or boiled.	1
all molluscs may be eaten raw, cooked, or boiled.	1
molluscs may be distinguished from other animals.	0
few molluscs may be distinguished from other animals.	1
some molluscs may be distinguished from other animals.	1
many molluscs may be distinguished from other animals.	1
most molluscs may be distinguished from other animals.	1
all molluscs may be distinguished from other animals.	1
mesh skimmers are used to steal credit card data.	1
few mesh skimmers are used to steal credit card data.	2
some mesh skimmers are used to steal credit card data.	2
many mesh skimmers are used to steal credit card data.	2
most mesh skimmers are used to steal credit card data.	2
all mesh skimmers are used to steal credit card data.	2
mango trees are grown for their fruit.	1
few mango trees are grown for their fruit.	2
some mango trees are grown for their fruit.	2
many mango trees are grown for their fruit.	2
most mango trees are grown for their fruit.	2
all mango trees are grown for their fruit.	2
mandibles are used to hold the teeth.	0
few mandibles are used to hold the teeth.	1
some mandibles are used to hold the teeth.	1
many mandibles are used to hold the teeth.	1
most mandibles are used to hold the teeth.	1
all mandibles are used to hold the teeth.	1
mandibles are made of bone.	0
few mandibles are made of bone.	1
some mandibles are made of bone.	1
many mandibles are made of bone.	1
most mandibles are made of bone.	1
all mandibles are made of bone.	1
managements may have the right to terminate an employment relationship with an employee.	0
few managements may have the right to terminate an employment relationship with an employee.	1
some managements may have the right to terminate an employment relationship with an employee.	1
many managements may have the right to terminate an employment relationship with an employee.	1
most managements may have the right to terminate an employment relationship with an employee.	1
all managements may have the right to terminate an employment relationship with an employee.	1
lorries should only be used to transport people or goods.	0
few lorries should only be used to transport people or goods.	1
some lorries should only be used to transport people or goods.	1
many lorries should only be used to transport people or goods.	1
most lorries should only be used to transport people or goods.	1
all lorries should only be used to transport people or goods.	1
lorries are used to move goods from one place to another.	0
few lorries are used to move goods from one place to another.	1
some lorries are used to move goods from one place to another.	1
many lorries are used to move goods from one place to another.	1
most lorries are used to move goods from one place to another.	1
all lorries are used to move goods from one place to another.	1
lorries are used to carry goods.	0
few lorries are used to carry goods.	1
some lorries are used to carry goods.	1
many lorries are used to carry goods.	1
most lorries are used to carry goods.	1
all lorries are used to carry goods.	1
ladles are used for cooking.	0
few ladles are used for cooking.	1
some ladles are used for cooking.	1
many ladles are used for cooking.	1
most ladles are used for cooking.	1
all ladles are used for cooking.	1
lactose intolerances have to do with an allergy to lactose.	1
few lactose intolerances have to do with an allergy to lactose.	2
some lactose intolerances have to do with an allergy to lactose.	2
many lactose intolerances have to do with an allergy to lactose.	2
most lactose intolerances have to do with an allergy to lactose.	2
all lactose intolerances have to do with an allergy to lactose.	2
ice creams may be made with milk or cream.	1
few ice creams may be made with milk or cream.	2
some ice creams may be made with milk or cream.	2
many ice creams may be made with milk or cream.	2
most ice creams may be made with milk or cream.	2
all ice creams may be made with milk or cream.	2
hoes are used for plowing, sowing.	0
few hoes are used for plowing, sowing.	1
some hoes are used for plowing, sowing.	1
many hoes are used for plowing, sowing.	1
most hoes are used for plowing, sowing.	1
all hoes are used for plowing, sowing.	1
hippopotamus are herbivores that eat grasses.	0
few hippopotamus are herbivores that eat grasses.	1
some hippopotamus are herbivores that eat grasses.	1
many hippopotamus are herbivores that eat grasses.	1
most hippopotamus are herbivores that eat grasses.	1
all hippopotamus are herbivores that eat grasses.	1
guns may be used to kill.	0
few guns may be used to kill.	1
some guns may be used to kill.	1
many guns may be used to kill.	1
most guns may be used to kill.	1
all guns may be used to kill.	1
grizzly bears have a diet.	1
few grizzly bears have a diet.	2
some grizzly bears have a diet.	2
many grizzly bears have a diet.	2
most grizzly bears have a diet.	2
all grizzly bears have a diet.	2
green vegetables can be eaten raw or cooked.	1
few green vegetables can be eaten raw or cooked.	2
some green vegetables can be eaten raw or cooked.	2
many green vegetables can be eaten raw or cooked.	2
most green vegetables can be eaten raw or cooked.	2
all green vegetables can be eaten raw or cooked.	2
front yards are private property.	1
few front yards are private property.	2
some front yards are private property.	2
many front yards are private property.	2
most front yards are private property.	2
all front yards are private property.	2
experimental evidences should be treated with caution.	1
few experimental evidences should be treated with caution.	2
some experimental evidences should be treated with caution.	2
many experimental evidences should be treated with caution.	2
most experimental evidences should be treated with caution.	2
all experimental evidences should be treated with caution.	2
experimental evidences may have to be interpreted with caution.	1
few experimental evidences may have to be interpreted with caution.	2
some experimental evidences may have to be interpreted with caution.	2
many experimental evidences may have to be interpreted with caution.	2
most experimental evidences may have to be interpreted with caution.	2
all experimental evidences may have to be interpreted with caution.	2
expeditions are organized by a group leader.	0
few expeditions are organized by a group leader.	1
some expeditions are organized by a group leader.	1
many expeditions are organized by a group leader.	1
most expeditions are organized by a group leader.	1
all expeditions are organized by a group leader.	1
evergreen trees can be planted.	1
few evergreen trees can be planted.	2
some evergreen trees can be planted.	2
many evergreen trees can be planted.	2
most evergreen trees can be planted.	2
all evergreen trees can be planted.	2
events have an effect on the world.	0
few events have an effect on the world.	1
some events have an effect on the world.	1
many events have an effect on the world.	1
most events have an effect on the world.	1
all events have an effect on the world.	1
dvd players are used for watching movies.	1
few dvd players are used for watching movies.	2
some dvd players are used for watching movies.	2
many dvd players are used for watching movies.	2
most dvd players are used for watching movies.	2
all dvd players are used for watching movies.	2
detergents should be rinsed off after use.	0
few detergents should be rinsed off after use.	1
some detergents should be rinsed off after use.	1
many detergents should be rinsed off after use.	1
most detergents should be rinsed off after use.	1
all detergents should be rinsed off after use.	1
decanters may have a maximum capacity.	0
few decanters may have a maximum capacity.	1
some decanters may have a maximum capacity.	1
many decanters may have a maximum capacity.	1
most decanters may have a maximum capacity.	1
all decanters may have a maximum capacity.	1
cushions are made of a material.	0
few cushions are made of a material.	1
some cushions are made of a material.	1
many cushions are made of a material.	1
most cushions are made of a material.	1
all cushions are made of a material.	1
cudgels can be made of metal, wood, stone, or any other material.	0
few cudgels can be made of metal, wood, stone, or any other material.	1
some cudgels can be made of metal, wood, stone, or any other material.	1
many cudgels can be made of metal, wood, stone, or any other material.	1
most cudgels can be made of metal, wood, stone, or any other material.	1
all cudgels can be made of metal, wood, stone, or any other material.	1
crabapples can be eaten raw or cooked.	0
few crabapples can be eaten raw or cooked.	1
some crabapples can be eaten raw or cooked.	1
many crabapples can be eaten raw or cooked.	1
most crabapples can be eaten raw or cooked.	1
all crabapples can be eaten raw or cooked.	1
coyotes have been known to prey on small mammals, including rabbits, squirrels, chipmunks, skunks	0
few coyotes have been known to prey on small mammals, including rabbits, squirrels, chipmunks, skunks	1
some coyotes have been known to prey on small mammals, including rabbits, squirrels, chipmunks, skunks	1
many coyotes have been known to prey on small mammals, including rabbits, squirrels, chipmunks, skunks	1
most coyotes have been known to prey on small mammals, including rabbits, squirrels, chipmunks, skunks	1
all coyotes have been known to prey on small mammals, including rabbits, squirrels, chipmunks, skunks	1
cough syrups have a sweet taste.	1
few cough syrups have a sweet taste.	2
some cough syrups have a sweet taste.	2
many cough syrups have a sweet taste.	2
most cough syrups have a sweet taste.	2
all cough syrups have a sweet taste.	2
cookers may be used to boil water or to boil pasta.	0
few cookers may be used to boil water or to boil pasta.	1
some cookers may be used to boil water or to boil pasta.	1
many cookers may be used to boil water or to boil pasta.	1
most cookers may be used to boil water or to boil pasta.	1
all cookers may be used to boil water or to boil pasta.	1
cookbooks are written for people who cook.	0
few cookbooks are written for people who cook.	1
some cookbooks are written for people who cook.	1
many cookbooks are written for people who cook.	1
most cookbooks are written for people who cook.	1
all cookbooks are written for people who cook.	1
concert halls should be equipped with a soundproofing system.	1
few concert halls should be equipped with a soundproofing system.	2
some concert halls should be equipped with a soundproofing system.	2
many concert halls should be equipped with a soundproofing system.	2
most concert halls should be equipped with a soundproofing system.	2
all concert halls should be equipped with a soundproofing system.	2
concert halls have their own sound systems, which can be quite expensive.	1
few concert halls have their own sound systems, which can be quite expensive.	2
some concert halls have their own sound systems, which can be quite expensive.	2
many concert halls have their own sound systems, which can be quite expensive.	2
most concert halls have their own sound systems, which can be quite expensive.	2
all concert halls have their own sound systems, which can be quite expensive.	2
coasters may have a maximum speed limit.	0
few coasters may have a maximum speed limit.	1
some coasters may have a maximum speed limit.	1
many coasters may have a maximum speed limit.	1
most coasters may have a maximum speed limit.	1
all coasters may have a maximum speed limit.	1
clocks have to be synchronized.	0
few clocks have to be synchronized.	1
some clocks have to be synchronized.	1
many clocks have to be synchronized.	1
most clocks have to be synchronized.	1
all clocks have to be synchronized.	1
chapels are open to the public during regular hours.	0
few chapels are open to the public during regular hours.	1
some chapels are open to the public during regular hours.	1
many chapels are open to the public during regular hours.	1
most chapels are open to the public during regular hours.	1
all chapels are open to the public during regular hours.	1
camps are set up to provide a safe, secure place to sleep.	0
few camps are set up to provide a safe, secure place to sleep.	1
some camps are set up to provide a safe, secure place to sleep.	1
many camps are set up to provide a safe, secure place to sleep.	1
most camps are set up to provide a safe, secure place to sleep.	1
all camps are set up to provide a safe, secure place to sleep.	1
cameras have a maximum shutter speed.	0
few cameras have a maximum shutter speed.	1
some cameras have a maximum shutter speed.	1
many cameras have a maximum shutter speed.	1
most cameras have a maximum shutter speed.	1
all cameras have a maximum shutter speed.	1
cameras are used to capture the world around us.	0
few cameras are used to capture the world around us.	1
some cameras are used to capture the world around us.	1
many cameras are used to capture the world around us.	1
most cameras are used to capture the world around us.	1
all cameras are used to capture the world around us.	1
cakes can be purchased.	0
few cakes can be purchased.	1
some cakes can be purchased.	1
many cakes can be purchased.	1
most cakes can be purchased.	1
all cakes can be purchased.	1
bulldozers are used for construction.	0
few bulldozers are used for construction.	1
some bulldozers are used for construction.	1
many bulldozers are used for construction.	1
most bulldozers are used for construction.	1
all bulldozers are used for construction.	1
bluetooth speakers are meant to be used with a smartphone.	1
few bluetooth speakers are meant to be used with a smartphone.	2
some bluetooth speakers are meant to be used with a smartphone.	2
many bluetooth speakers are meant to be used with a smartphone.	2
most bluetooth speakers are meant to be used with a smartphone.	2
all bluetooth speakers are meant to be used with a smartphone.	2
backhoes can be found in the backyards, garages, basements, crawlspaces, etc.	0
few backhoes can be found in the backyards, garages, basements, crawlspaces, etc.	1
some backhoes can be found in the backyards, garages, basements, crawlspaces, etc.	1
many backhoes can be found in the backyards, garages, basements, crawlspaces, etc.	1
most backhoes can be found in the backyards, garages, basements, crawlspaces, etc.	1
all backhoes can be found in the backyards, garages, basements, crawlspaces, etc.	1
baboons have been known to use their teeth.	0
few baboons have been known to use their teeth.	1
some baboons have been known to use their teeth.	1
many baboons have been known to use their teeth.	1
most baboons have been known to use their teeth.	1
all baboons have been known to use their teeth.	1
assets are valued based on their current market value.	0
few assets are valued based on their current market value.	1
some assets are valued based on their current market value.	1
many assets are valued based on their current market value.	1
most assets are valued based on their current market value.	1
all assets are valued based on their current market value.	1
assets are valued at their fair market values.	0
few assets are valued at their fair market values.	1
some assets are valued at their fair market values.	1
many assets are valued at their fair market values.	1
most assets are valued at their fair market values.	1
all assets are valued at their fair market values.	1
amino acids produce structural changes in proteins.	1
few amino acids produce structural changes in proteins.	2
some amino acids produce structural changes in proteins.	2
many amino acids produce structural changes in proteins.	2
most amino acids produce structural changes in proteins.	2
all amino acids produce structural changes in proteins.	2
alligators are found in florida.	0
few alligators are found in florida.	1
some alligators are found in florida.	1
many alligators are found in florida.	1
most alligators are found in florida.	1
all alligators are found in florida.	1
advertisements should focus on the product.	0
few advertisements should focus on the product.	1
some advertisements should focus on the product.	1
many advertisements should focus on the product.	1
most advertisements should focus on the product.	1
all advertisements should focus on the product.	1
frogs are smaller than most birds.	0
few frogs are smaller than most birds.	1
some frogs are smaller than most birds.	1
many frogs are smaller than most birds.	1
most frogs are smaller than most birds.	1
all frogs are smaller than most birds.	1
frogs are an important part of the ecosystem.	0
few frogs are an important part of the ecosystem.	1
some frogs are an important part of the ecosystem.	1
many frogs are an important part of the ecosystem.	1
most frogs are an important part of the ecosystem.	1
all frogs are an important part of the ecosystem.	1
fabric softeners can be used for softening.	1
few fabric softeners can be used for softening.	2
some fabric softeners can be used for softening.	2
many fabric softeners can be used for softening.	2
most fabric softeners can be used for softening.	2
all fabric softeners can be used for softening.	2
fabric softeners can be considered to be a chemical.	1
few fabric softeners can be considered to be a chemical.	2
some fabric softeners can be considered to be a chemical.	2
many fabric softeners can be considered to be a chemical.	2
most fabric softeners can be considered to be a chemical.	2
all fabric softeners can be considered to be a chemical.	2
daffodils are a great way to brighten up your garden.	0
few daffodils are a great way to brighten up your garden.	1
some daffodils are a great way to brighten up your garden.	1
many daffodils are a great way to brighten up your garden.	1
most daffodils are a great way to brighten up your garden.	1
all daffodils are a great way to brighten up your garden.	1
coincidences are everywhere in life.	0
few coincidences are everywhere in life.	1
some coincidences are everywhere in life.	1
many coincidences are everywhere in life.	1
most coincidences are everywhere in life.	1
all coincidences are everywhere in life.	1
chimpanzees have been shown to be able to use tools.	0
few chimpanzees have been shown to be able to use tools.	1
some chimpanzees have been shown to be able to use tools.	1
many chimpanzees have been shown to be able to use tools.	1
most chimpanzees have been shown to be able to use tools.	1
all chimpanzees have been shown to be able to use tools.	1
chimpanzees are known to use tools to obtain food.	0
few chimpanzees are known to use tools to obtain food.	1
some chimpanzees are known to use tools to obtain food.	1
many chimpanzees are known to use tools to obtain food.	1
most chimpanzees are known to use tools to obtain food.	1
all chimpanzees are known to use tools to obtain food.	1
cameras should be able to see.	0
few cameras should be able to see.	1
some cameras should be able to see.	1
many cameras should be able to see.	1
most cameras should be able to see.	1
all cameras should be able to see.	1
cameras have long been used to capture images.	0
few cameras have long been used to capture images.	1
some cameras have long been used to capture images.	1
many cameras have long been used to capture images.	1
most cameras have long been used to capture images.	1
all cameras have long been used to capture images.	1
aquatic animals may be able to breathe air.	1
few aquatic animals may be able to breathe air.	2
some aquatic animals may be able to breathe air.	2
many aquatic animals may be able to breathe air.	2
most aquatic animals may be able to breathe air.	2
all aquatic animals may be able to breathe air.	2
aquatic animals are found in the water.	1
few aquatic animals are found in the water.	2
some aquatic animals are found in the water.	2
many aquatic animals are found in the water.	2
most aquatic animals are found in the water.	2
all aquatic animals are found in the water.	2
alligators are faster than humans on land.	0
few alligators are faster than humans on land.	1
some alligators are faster than humans on land.	1
many alligators are faster than humans on land.	1
most alligators are faster than humans on land.	1
all alligators are faster than humans on land.	1
